What's done:
1. We have are generating the original state with adata generator with the following values
    a. name: randomly generated
    b. age : between 30-60 generated (but the game may last even 60 turns which means 5 years, as maximum, because maximum age considered here is 65)
        b1. consideration: should change every year (all of them may have the same bday to uncomplicate things)
    c. educational level: high school or lower, arbitur, bachelor, post graduate degree, randomly generated and weighted towards lower level
    d. profession: low skilled, medium skileld or high skilled depending on education level, can also be unemployed at any of those levels
    e. monthly income: determine by education level and age (it is fixed and can only be moved if the agent passes onto a new age)
        e1. consideration: people might stop being unemployed, thats a change that we could consider here (*Also income can be made more flexible with Markov chains for future stages*)
    f. number of dependets: randomly generated, maximum 4
        f1. consideration: the number of dependents might change with a markov chain, but with very unlikely change (10% chance each year to increase the number of dependents), normally it should stay as it is
        f2. can be argued that the lower educated may have more children, but not sure, also higher educated may have more children as they have more income
    g. number of unpaid credits: completely randomly generated
    h. generate expenditure: subject to income and number of dependents and has a random to be calculated, min 50% of income, max is 150% of income monthly
        h1. we could probably introduce here Markov chains as well, instead of introducing them in the income, or maybe the otherway around
    i. the credit request is a function of the income. We limit the amount of debt that someone can ask to be minimum 0.5 and maximum 2.0 times the yearly income
        i1. this will change once it is more dynamic, because the income will change
    j. credit to income ratio
    k. debt to income ratio after credit: abs((savings_debt - credit)/monthly_income), there is also 
    l. savings-debt is also monthly income - monthly expenditure
    m. debt_to_income_ratio_partial: abs(savings_debt/monthly_income)
    n. 

2. A variable y is generated with 0s and 1s that, where 0 is non default and 1 is default. This is generated given the x-variables of the Bank.
    This as we dont have real life data, therefore the x-variables are the info that the bank has to classify into be defaulting or non-defaulting
    Only a bunch of x-variables are used to get the generate the y-variable, which are:
    a. number of unpaid credits

##### Questions
Should I generate the y-variable based on the x-variable in my generator or independent from it? Because that is key for further predictions?
The function should be more developed

What is still to be done:
1. The play may have either 12 to 36 turns, in which each turn is a month
    a. Given this, the income (change whenever they get into a new category of income --> can be determined by a Markov chain) and expenses (they can change each month)
        a1. We could even make the mean income to meet a ceratin number, and also see how the mean income increases over time (or could make it also decrease for some individuals)
    b. Because of this, PD, EAD and LGD should be recalculated every month
    c. So we get a new Billanz each month
    d. Also, the interest of the credits is monthly (re)calculated

2. We need to make income more flexible, that people can move easily to gain more (or maybe also get unemployed given economic shocks)in future periods.
3. Expenditure should also be made more flexible to allow for reductions and increases.
4. The number of dependents should also change (increase or decrease during periods)
5. debt/income, if it exists it means that the person is spending much more than what he is getting


We added:

1. A training with Logisitic Regresion, Neuoronal Networks and Random Forests (maybe deleted later) to estimate the PD (probability of default)

Still to be done:
We can do a montecarlo later, once we have the LGDs and EADs and the ultimate balance sheet